Black Hole.
The day after I made a black
hole appear over the academy,
I was at the royal castle for
an audience with the king.
Villainess Level 99
I May Be the Hidden Boss but I'm Not the Demon Lord
The Hidden Boss Is Summoned to the Castle
Your Royal Majesty,
Miss Yumiella Dolkness has arrived.
Dolkness? That central wannabe.
Black hair...
Is it true that she's level 99?
It seems she really did
summon a black hole, though.
How spooky...
Yumiella Dolkness, raise your head.
Miss Yumiella Dolkness.
Yes.
I'm aware of what happened at the academy.
It seems my son and the teachers
behaved quite ungraciously.
I apologize.
The king just...
...bowed his head?!
N-Not at all. I did something
that was blatantly foolhardy
and caused a great deal
of trouble to everyone.
No, denouncing you based
on one-sided assumptions
without first ascertaining your
abilities was unreasonable.
That said...
It certainly is difficult to believe
a dainty young lady such as yourself
could be level 99.
Which is why...
I would like to have my knight captain,
Adolf, judge your authenticity.
There is no one who would
not accept his decision.
Knight Captain Adolf.
He's said to be the strongest
knight in the kingdom.
I think his level is around 60.
Adolf
Come at me if you want to die!
Considering you had to be at level 60 or
70 to fight the Demon Lord in the game,
it's clear he's strong.
Out of respect to one who has reached
the highest level man can attain,
I will unleash an attack
with all my strength.
Wait, right here and now?
Would counterattacking
be the right choice here?
The king didn't say I should either
fight him or evade his attack.
So I'll...
get out of it with a bow!
There aren't even any knights
who can evade that attack.
And she appeared calm enough to
think about how she should react.
I believe it is true that she is level 99.
I apologize, Miss Yumiella.
But I cannot defy His Majesty's orders.
Brilliantly done, Miss Yumiella.
Would you mind showing
me your magic, as well?
Of course.
Please excuse me, then.
Shadow Lance.
Ah, dark magic? How unusual.
What do you think, Head Palace Mage?
There are some who say that
evil monsters use dark magic.
Allow me to answer your question.
Dark magic, like the four main
attributes and light magic,
is no better or worse than
another magical attribute.
Like light magic, it's extremely powerful,
but its up to the user to decide how
it's used, just like any other attribute.
Users of dark magic are quite rare.
Perhaps this, along with their appearance,
led people to imagine they were evil.
Hmm... So people fear things that
they do not know or understand.
Perhaps black hair is abhorred
for the same reason.
Oh... Is he saying all this for my sake?
I should be very grateful.
Miss Yumiella, well done reaching heights
that none in this world have reached before.
Now, I would love to know just
how you achieved such a level.
Of course. I didn't do anything
particularly special.
After earning money by killing
monsters in our domain,
I acquired an Amulet of Growth,
entered a dungeon alone,
played a Monster-Calling Flute,
and just kept killing monsters.
Without an Amulet of Protection?
A dungeon? Alone?!
And she even used a Monster-Calling Flute?!
Most people would die!
Adolf, could you do the same thing?
Only one amulet can be equipped at once.
That's why I never remove
my Amulet of Protection,
which protects me from fatal wounds.
I would be too terrified to call
monsters to me if I were alone.
Wait, isn't this normal, though?
Yumiella Dolkness,
I would like you to wield your
strength as a sword for our kingdom.
Of course. As one of Your
Majesty's loyal subjects,
I have every intention of serving as
the Kingdom of Valschein's shield.
Very well.
Wield your strength for this
kingdom when it is in peril.
Now, I would like to reward your
unprecedented accomplishment.
If there is anything you desire, simply ask.
Be it a peerage, a domain, or even
a royal treasure, it is yours.
I'm even willing to welcome
you into the royal family.
Is he talking about letting me
marry someone in the royal family?
It's a very generous offer, but...
He probably just wants to come up with
a way to chain me to the kingdom.
But what I want is absolute peace.
While I didn't expect such a
kind offer, I am most grateful.
So long as I and the
kingdom may live in peace,
with all the necessities for survival,
there is nothing else I wish for.
I see.
Then I give you my word that I will do
my utmost to grant you a life of peace.
I'm sorry, Your Majesty.
I fully intend to flee the kingdom if
anything happens that I don't like.
After that, for some reason,
I was invited to the queen's chambers.
Miss Yumiella.
Thank you for coming.
This is not a place of official business,
so there's no need for formalities.
All right. Thank you for inviting me here.
Nothing said within this room will
ever be known to those outside.
I have discussions in here that I don't
want others knowing about, after all.
I want to go home right now!
Please, don't be so wary.
Both His Majesty and I
are quite taken with you.
Thank you very much.
You seem to think having any kind
of authority is troublesome.
But you seem intelligent.
If you were a woman of ambition...
The thought gives me chills.
Um, why do you trust me so much?
There are many nobles who pretend to be
free of avarice to get
close to the royal family.
Knowing the difference
comes naturally to me now.
Now, shall we cut to the chase?
This is information
that only the royal family and a
precious few nobles are privy to.
The Demon Lord will return in two years.
Yumiella, I want you to assist
us in defeating the Demon Lord.
The Demon Lord? You mean the
one spoken of in the legends?
Yes. The first king, who
defeated the Demon Lord,
prophesied that the enemy would return,
including when it would happen.
So the royal family knew the
Demon Lord was coming back?
We are formulating a plan
to defeat the Demon Lord
with a small, elite force
centered around Edwin.
As the leaders of the people,
the royal family has an obligation
to defeat the Demon Lord.
There are other talented students
at the Royal Academy, as well.
Provided they are nurtured well,
it may be possible to assemble a force
of students to take on the Demon Lord.
So they admitted Alicia,
a user of light magic,
in anticipation of having
her fight the Demon Lord.
(What? Prince Edwin?!
What are you doing here?!)
Come to think of it, Edwin was looking into
the academy's scheme in the game, too.
I understand. Of course,
I would be happy to help.
I'd planned to take out the Demon Lord
myself if it came to that, anyway.
Thank you, Miss Yumiella.
However, I am sorry to say this,
but having you defeat the Demon Lord would
not be the best thing for this kingdom.
You mean because it would bring the
legitimacy of the royal family into question?
Yes. As I said a moment ago,
it must be the royal family
that defeats the Demon Lord.
Otherwise, our right to rule the
kingdom would come under suspicion.
Oh, I know, Miss Yumiella!
Why don't you become
a saint and marry Edwin?
No, thank you.
Oops! That was pure reflex!
I'm sorry... That was rude of me.
It's quite all right.
But we have two years before
we must fight the Demon Lord.
Please take your time, and think about it.
The problem we face now
is all the nobles trying to drag
you into their own factions.
Their factions?
Yes. There are two factions in this kingdom,
the king's faction and the anti-king faction.
It may become the spark
that ignites a war.
The anti-king faction is also
known as the extremist faction.
It is composed of various
nobles led by Duke Hillrose.
They are all nobles who are dissatisfied
with the current state of the kingdom,
and they have proposed wars of conquest
against other countries as a means
of taking out their frustrations.
And the "central wannabes,"
regional nobles who spend all their time
in the capital despite
holding no position there,
are almost all anti-king, in
other words, extremists.
The head of the Dolkness
family is no exception.
Which means... my parents are probably
at Duke Hillrose's beck and call.
What should I do if my parents order
me to marry into the Hillrose family?
I will send a royal order to the Dolkness
household forbidding your relocation.
But I believe three years
is the most I can buy you.
Thank you. That's more than enough.
I need to do something about my family
relations by the time I graduate.
Try to avoid the anti-king faction
and the Hillroses in particular.
Also, other countries are as
unlikely as our own to overlook
the emergence of someone who's
reached level 99, so do be careful.
I understand.
I will also send one of His
Majesty's men to the academy.
If you need anything,
feel free to talk to him.
Welcome home.
Um...
I heard you met with the king
over your level 99 status?
Yes, and I had tea with the queen.
The master has sent photos of
potential marriage partners for you.
They're all reputable
men of central nobility.
That aside, could you put on some tea?
This was a gift from the queen.
I can't eat it all on my
own. Would you join me?
Th-These are...
sweets from a first-class pâtisserie!
I'll prepare tea right away!
She's a brilliant girl.
I can't believe she reached
level 99 by the age of 15.
I didn't even know there was a limit
to how high one's level could be.
The head mage seems to think it's only an
assumption that hasn't been verified yet.
But if Miss Yumiella's level won't go any
higher, then there's no doubt about it.
I believe she had no choice
but to get stronger.
She seems to be estranged from her parents,
and I'm sure her black hair has
caused her to be shunned by many.
She was loved by no one and
had no one to depend on,
yet she holds no grudge against
those who surround her.
She truly is strong.
I'm sure other nobles will be
maneuvering to win her over.
We'll need to get things in
order for her at the academy.
Yes. Miss Yumiella wishes
for nothing but peace.
Though it would be nice if
she made friends her age
and developed an attachment to the kingdom...
Yes...
One week after I was summoned to the castle,
the way people looked at
me had changed drastically.
Even the classmates who
had kept me at a distance
gradually began to talk to me more.
Good morning, Miss Yumiella.
You're here early again, I see.
Good morning.
Until now, they thought I was too
dangerous to even try to talk to.
Have you received any more invitations
from the king since then?
I heard the queen gave
you a gift. Is that true?
Y-Yes.
How amazing!
Things are still the same as
always between me and Alicia.
As for the prince and his friends...
I apologize.
Let's go.
That sums it up.
The royal couple probably
gave him a good scolding.
And the most significant change of all is...
I'm suddenly being called upon
by all manner of noble boys.
And thus, we will rule over all the
surrounding nations as our colonies!
All you need to do is destroy
the enemy nations' armies.
You can leave all the political
stuff to me, your husband!
I'm getting hit on like this every day.
Most of the people who align with the
king's faction are easy to get along with.
They're content with a bit of small talk.
There's no formal political
conversation with them.
Those of the extremist anti-king
faction, on the other hand,
are aggressive in their
efforts to win me over.
Like this guy.
And ultimately, we will rule
over this entire continent!
Doesn't that sound fantastic?
He's the most intense of all the
anti-king people who've approached me
in the past week.
I think this is quite a good deal for you!
You, a black-haired girl,
would become my wife!
And I'll buy you all the
dresses and jewelry you want.
I decline.
I only like people who are stronger than me.
This is the surefire method for
refusing marriage proposals
that I've come up with in the past few days.
Physical strength isn't enough to
keep one going in this day and age.
What's important is how smart you are.
And that is where I excel!
He didn't get the hint.
Then you'll make sure I don't
have to do violent things
like fighting armies and
putting down rebellions?
N-No! A girl whose only talent is fighting
need not think about anything else!
All you need to do is listen to
those who are superior! Namely, me!
You call yourself superior, but
are you the top of our grade?
One's superiority is not
determined by test scores.
You say you'll rule the continent.
So who will manage its affairs?
Me, of course! I'm confident
in my ability to rule!
If you intend to unify the entire continent,
that means you'll bring this kingdom's
royal family under your rule, yes?
Eh?
Meaning you'll be committing insurrection
against the royal family of Valschein.
N-No... I...
In this kingdom, the punishment
for insurrection is death.
I'll pretend this conversation
never happened.
But someone else may have overheard us.
You might want to avoid coming
in contact with me again.
Just being around me may
invite unwanted suspicion.
D-Don't you tell anyone about this!
I should head back to my room.
Nothing good will come
of me wandering around.
Miss Yumiella!
Good timing. I was just looking for you.
Miss Eleonora Hillrose...
It's finally happened.
Eleonora
I would be willing to allow
you to join my group.
The lone daughter of the
only duke in Valschein,
and part of the anti-king faction, Eleonora.
Though she's a new student,
she already reigns supreme over
all the girls in the academy.
It's rumored that she orders
them around like a tyrant.
Alicia
(Miss Eleonora is surrounded
by her followers again, I see.)
In the game, Yumiella tries
to earn Eleonora's acceptance
by doing mean things to Alicia, and
that's what causes her to turn evil.
The queen did warn me about this.
I was hoping to avoid getting
involved with her...
I'm glad I found you.
I was simply dying to talk to you.
She's the type I absolutely can't stand.
You're free right now, aren't you?
Please come to my tea party!
If I turn her down flat, that itself
will invite all kinds of trouble.
Yes, I am free. Too free, in fact.
I've never really had a social life, so
I know nothing about fashion or trends.
Can I even manage girl talk?
I cannot!
But even I'm capable of some idle chatter.
Behold! The three sacred
implements of idle chatter!
Miss Yumiella.
Here it comes!
Parfeu is the only perfume for me.
I see.
I was deeply moved by the
ideology of the brand's founder.
That's amazing.
The story of the first time he ever
made perfume is just so romantic.
Please tell me more.
By the way, I'm not listening to
a word she's saying.
In the game, she was always busy
being the queen of the academy,
so she didn't show up all that often.
I didn't expect her to be such a chatterbox.
She looks way more like
a villainess than I do.
I really want to raise a big
stink about this casting error.
But did she invite me here just to
talk to me about stuff like this?
Finally getting to the point now?
Miss Yumiella Dolkness...
I want you to give up on Prince Edwin!
Huh?
On Prince Edwin?
Yes. If you'll do that, I'm willing
to allow you to join my group.
Um...
Don't play dumb with me!
I know the king suggested
that you marry Prince Edwin!
You are not fit to be Prince Edwin's wife!
If you don't want to make an enemy of me,
give up and stay away from him!
Am I the one you should be saying that to?
Not Alicia, the one he's with all the time?
I informed His Majesty that I had
no desire to wed Prince Edwin.
You're lying!
You met the queen after that
and told her you wanted to marry
Prince Edwin, didn't you?!
No, I did not.
The fact that there's been no announcement
after a whole week proves it.
You do have a point.
You seem to be aware of
your place. That's good.
If you'll swear to stay
away from Prince Edwin,
I'll allow you to be my friend.
I appreciate the invitation,
but I must turn it down, as well.
What?! Why—
Don't tell me you're only
pretending to be disinterested,
but you really are after Prince Edwin!
God, she's a pain.
There is someone far more worthy
of Prince Edwin than I am.
Huh?
That would be you.
I believe you and His Highness
would make a fine couple.
Oh, my!
You have a very good eye!
I've danced with Prince
Edwin many times, you know!
Prince Edwin is so wonderful when
he dances! He's such a gentleman!
She's so easy.
So the reason she approached
me was actually the prince?
Excuse me, Miss Yumiella.
Would you mind if we sat with you?
Oh... Please.
May I sit here?
Of course.
Miss Yumiella...
Are you the Demon Lord?
Huh?